- Previously on "Doc".
- Dr. Larsen was in
a car accident.
She has no recollection
of the last eight years.
- Babe. what's wrong?
- We got divorced.
- Where's your brother?
Isn't he here?
- We lost Danny.
I don't know who I am now
or what I did.
- You're the reason
I became a doctor.
- You created a toxic
work environment.
- You were cold and arrogant.
- But I wanted to be
a doctor my entire life.
- She's protected. By law.
we have to reintegrate her.
- So. I'm basically
a med student
in a department I used to run?
We were together.
She has no memory.
I want to tell her.
- She woke up still in love
with her husband.
I'd let that play out.
- There's something
I need to tell you.
Nora and I are having a baby.
Maybe she needs to know
there's something
good on the horizon.
I love you. okay?
I've loved you for a long time.
- My test results.
I passed the Boards.
- Well done. Dr. Larsen.
- Couldn't have done it
without you.
- He's my husband now.
You don't remember.
but you destroyed him.
Keep your hands off of him.
- You can't waste your life
pining over someone
who doesn't really see you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Let's go. move it. let's go!
- Trauma teams to OR 3.
I need four units of O-neg.
Prep rapid sequence intubation.
We've got a GSW with heavy
arterial bleed.
And he's one of ours.
- Michael. what's going on?
You've reached
Dr. Jake Heller.
Please leave a message. Thanks.
- Uh. fourth voicemail
to go along with nine
unreturned texts.
And I just wanted to say again.
that what you saw
isn't what you think you saw.
I guess you took the day
off yesterday.
So. I'm-I'm just really hoping
that you'll be
at the hospital today.
Call Gina.
Hi. I finally found out
what happened
with your patent
from the train tragedy.
And... I know
you're pissed at me.
and I-I just want to say
that I'm here
and ready to face the music.
whatever it is.
And I love you.
Call Sonya Maitra.
- Wanna tell me why Jake stormed
out of the bar the other night.
and then didn't show up
for work yesterday?
- Hm. nope.
But feel free to ask him.
- 'Cause I was thinking.
maybe you've got
a thing for him?
But he's with Amy.
Maybe you said something
he didn't like.
- Great minds debate ideas.
Average minds discuss events.
Small minds gossip about people.
Eleanor Roosevelt. Great mind.
- Rounds in five minutes.
Dr. Maitra.
start with Terry Lewis.
Vince Revelle. and Larry Bowden.
Have discharge summaries
in my inbox by 10.
- Morning.
- Uh. Dr. Larsen.
you'll be with TJ.
But first. a word.
Okay. you wanted to talk. Talk.
- I...
What you think you saw
in Michael's office.
I know how that looked.
but that was just us
saying goodbye.
- And the reason that goodbye
had to happen
is because his wife warned you
to stay away from him. right?
It was after
everything happened
with TJ's father.
and then Richard made me think
that I'd killed Bill Dixon.
And I just ended up
with Michael. just by accident.
And...
we kissed.
But it was just like.
a moment of weakness.
and-and the old feelings.
and it was just a mess.
And we both knew
that it was wrong.
- You went to him.
Now here you are spinning
because you don't want to lose
your security blanket?
- No. that's not...
- You went to him 'cause
you're still living in the past
and he's still your home.
- He's not. Jake. I'm not.
I mean. I'm trying.
I'm-I'm-I'm...
I'm trying so hard.
- I know. I know you are.
And look. I know
everyone's telling you
how terrible you were
during that time
that you don't remember.
which I'm sure makes it
all very confusing.
And yeah...
she was a pain in the ass.
And she didn't suffer fools.
and she could be hard to reach.
but man...
once you reached her.
she was worth it.
That's the woman
I fell in love with.
I really miss her.
I was waiting for you...
But we can't do this.
- I know.
Jake.
Dr. Hamda.
your wife is downstairs in OB.
- Are you all right?
- Well. my water broke.
- So. we're going into labor?
- Not necessarily.
We could give her tocolytics
to help delay this.
Give the baby some time
to mature.
- But the last ultrasound.
you said he was at least
five pounds. so why
do we need more time?
- At seven weeks early.
it's about his lung capacity.
- You're worried
about his breathing?
- What about corticosteroids?
- For what?
- It helps the lungs
mature faster.
- We can manage this.
Just sit tight.
- We got this. okay?
- Rosie. you hear that. mamita?
They got a heart.
and it's a perfect match.
They're finally coming through
for you
after all this time.
Why is she here?
- Dr. Larsen will be assisting
me today with your case.
- Well. I don't want her here.
- Dad.
- Have I done something
to upset you?
- You don't even remember?
Don't blame the doctors. Dad.
It's not their fault.
- Uh. we will need to take
Rosie to radiology now
for a CT scan to prep
for the transplant.
- More tests?
- You're doing great.
We're gonna see you in a minute.
Maybe you want to tell him
the reason you don't remember.
- And dump my trauma onto him?
What good would that do?
Help us deal with him.
- I'm sure my bedside manner
was awful.
The only thing I can do now
is to try to be nice.
- She's all set in there.
Okay. let's get it going then.
- Scan is starting.
I remember you saying
you're a police officer.
You know.
my folks are both cops.
Mom's in the 8th.
Dad was in the 3rd
'til it burnt down.
- Dark day.
Where's he now. retired?
- He's getting back
to work soon.
Matter of fact.
Dr. Larsen saved
his life last week.
- Something wrong?
- We won't know until
we do further tests.
but there is a spot
on her left lung.
- What does this mean
for her transplant?
- If it's just an abscess.
it's. it's treatable.
So. please. Alex. we know how
much you want this for Rosie...
- This is how it always is.
She's either too sick
or not sick enough.
- We're gonna do
everything we can.
- It took six years to get
to the top of that list.
We're not waiting anymore.
you understand?
- We have to report
this to UNOS.
Hello. We are looking
for Dr. Hamda.
We were told he's down here.
- Oh. yes.
his wife's in labor. Room 4.
- I'll go get him.
Like this?
- Is everything all right?
- Uh. yeah.
Nora's water broke
seven weeks early.
but I think we've got it
under control.
What's happening?
- We have a patient who's due
for a heart transplant.
The donor's across town
at Eastside.
And as of this morning.
she's number one on the list.
The problem is we found
a spot on her lung.
- That I believe is an abscess.
- But it could also be
a systemic infection.
- Which would disqualify
her from the transplant.
- If we alert UNOS.
she'll drop down the list
and lose the heart.
- She could drop down.
but they might be willing
to wait until we run more tests.
Either way.
transparency is called for
in case there's another
eligible recipient.
- Well. how long until
you figure out
what the results
of the CAT scan mean?
- Two. three hours
to run the cultures
and drain the collection.
- This isn't just about
your patient.
If UNOS finds out
we withheld this...
- For a couple hours?
- We could lose
our accreditation.
- I don't think
they'd be that punitive.
But uh. you're in charge.
- I am. So. thank you
for bringing this
to my attention.
Email me her chart.
I'll do my best to advocate
for our patient.
Dr. Singh says there's
a heart available right now
and she'd be next on the list.
and we could do the transplant
tomorrow morning.
- I know what he says.
but things are moving fast
and I need to warn you
that there is...
- Wait. you don't agree?
- She's not even in the ICU
right now.
There are treatments
that could sustain her life
for years before a transplant
would be necessary.
- And she'd be in just as good
a position then as she is today?
- There's no way to know.
But even if it went well.
all the immunosuppressants
she'll have to take.
all the complications
that she'll be facing.
Don't let Dr. Singh
make you think
that this is a magic solution.
- Then why is he suggesting it?
- I'm sure he thinks
it's inevitable.
But you should know.
she might not even survive
a transplant.
If it were me.
I would take the time
that I know I have right now.
- I appreciate you telling me.
Thank you.
Something's changed.
- We're very sorry to tell you...
- It's that spot on her lung.
What is it?
- We still don't know yet.
- Then what's the problem?
- We had to report
what we saw to...
- You ratted us out?
When you're not even sure
if it's an issue?
- We will do everything we can
to get her well enough
for the next available heart.
- Next avail...
She is hanging on by a thread.
- There are treatments
that we can use to...
- That's what you told me
the last time.
and now look at her.
She's in the ICU.
- Sorry. I don't remember...
- You never even wanted us
to get the transplant
in the first place.
and now you're doing it again.
- You're upset. We get that.
- Not a word to her. You got it?
I never should've let you
anywhere near us today.
- Now I'll get
those tests going.
- What was that all about?
- Uh. ghost of Christmas past
come back to haunt me?
I guess I wasn't so lovable
back then. after all.
- I'm not gonna let it
happen again.
Not this time.
Hand me your radio
and get in the elevator.
- Wait. wh-what?
- You think I'm messing around?
Hand me your radio
and get outta here.
- Okay.
- Sir? Excuse me. sir?
Hey. Hey!
Hey. what's goin' on. man?
- I'm not messing around!
- Wait. TJ!
You! I need to talk to
whoever's in charge. right now!
- TJ!
- You stay right there!
- I need Dr. Hamda. immediately.
- You shot him!
- Get back!
- I think it's his
femoral artery.
- Alex. he could die from that.
We have to get him in the OR.
You. I want you gone.
Get him outta here.
- What are you doing?!
- Shut up! Just shut up!!
- Contractions are starting
to organize.
- Is that a problem?
- Meds just haven't
kicked in yet.
Could just take some time.
- I'm sorry. Dr. Hamda.
we need you out here.
- Be right back.
- One of my guards confirmed
he's armed.
People heard gunshots.
- Dr. Hamda!
There's a man asking for you.
He says he's on the 6th floor
and he has a gun.
- This is Michael Hamda.
Chief Medical Officer.
Who am I speaking with?
- Alex Cruz.
I'm a cop. I'm armed.
And I want my daughter's
heart back.
- Your daughter is Rosie.
- You get me that heart
in the next two hours
or people up here start to die.
I'm told there
were already gunshots.
- One of your idiot
doctors jumped me.
- Dr. Coleman was shot.
They're rushing him to the OR.
- I promise you.
we will do everything
to get you that heart.
but I need to get
those other patients
off the floor.
- Oh. you gotta be kidding me!
- How do you think
I'm going to stop the police
from coming in there?
You shot someone.
Now you need to show
some goodwill
if you really want
to save your daughter.
- Well. Rosie needs care.
and I need hostages.
so I'll keep who I want.
You can have the rest
in exchange for the heart.
- I understand.
You need a couple of doctors.
maybe a nurse. that's it.
- What's your name?
- Julie.
- And you?
- Sonya Maitra.
- I'll keep Nurse Julie.
Dr. Maitra. and Dr. Larsen.
She's the reason we're here.
She's not going anywhere.
- What do you mean by that?
- And just remember.
if my daughter dies.
I've got nothing to lose!
- Hey. I need some help
with this bed.
There's another patient in 624.
- It's okay. guys.
We're evacuating.
Come on. let's go.
Hang in there. buddy.
Just hold on.
- Keep squeezing my hand. TJ.
Just keep squeezing.
- Don't call my parents.
Not 'til I'm out of surgery.
- Where're there surgeons?
- Right here.
it's me and Yeager.
- He's AB negative.
hypotensive. tach.
He lost at least 1100 CCs here.
Take over.
- Get the O-neg on a rapid
infuser and prep a central line.
- I got you. man.
- This will be
the command post now.
So. I need everybody moved
to a different floor.
and any new OB patients
diverted.
- We'll have our teams
in position
and a hostage negotiator
to coordinate.
- No. he already said
he won't talk to anyone but me.
- Michael! What's going on?
- Dr. Heller. are you all right?
- Yeah. I'm fine. this is...
It's mostly TJ's blood.
What can you tell us?
Is he working alone?
Was this planned?
- No. it was definitely
improvised.
And yeah. he's alone.
He's. he's trying to cover
both ends of the hallway
from ICU.
so plenty of directions
to go at him.
- We're not taking an aggressive
approach just yet. okay?
Not with a cop who knows
how to handle himself.
- He already shot
one of our doctors.
- Which means he's willing
to shoot more.
No. we're not going in.
Not if we can
find another way right now.
- He's got a problem with Amy.
This is personal.
- I know. Any idea why?
- Whatever it is. it all
started before I got here.
- Give me your phones!
Okay.
What do we gotta do
to get her ready?
- I-I-I don't know
wh-what to do to help you
until I understand
why I'm the reason
that this is happening.
- You can't be serious.
- I was in a car accident
four months ago.
Lost a lot of my memory. I...
- Give me a break!
- It's true.
- Six years ago. you talked us
out of the transplant.
And we were never in
a better position
than we were that day.
- So there must have
been a reason.
Did-did I tell you why?
- You convinced us
she wouldn't be much better
with a new heart.
Scared us enough that we went
against the cardiologist.
Now I'm done with the past!
You said she has an abscess
that needs to be dealt with.
What do we gotta do?
- I said I hoped it was.
it was an abscess.
and that we needed a CAT scan
in order to help
locate the spot.
- Well. we're not moving.
so you gotta deal with it here.
- We can drain it
with ultrasound guidance.
- D-do you know how to do that?
- No. but I saw you
do it last year.
- So what does that mean?
Can you talk her through it?
- I think so.
- Then do it.
Now!
Everheart Memorial.
- Hey. is this cardiology?
- Yes. it is.
- This is Dr. Gina Walker over
at Westside in Minneapolis.
I'm looking for Dr. Singh.
- What's this about?
- Yeah. it's regarding
an old patient of his.
and it's important.
- He's doing
an intraoperative echo.
It'll be a few hours.
- Okay. so it looks like Rosie
was eligible for a transplant
six years ago
and Amy discouraged it.
but I don't see why.
It was right after Danny died.
Anytime her patient was a child.
she pushed the parents
towards caution.
Sometimes she was right.
Sometimes. maybe not?
- We had an argument
this morning.
- I was ignoring her calls.
- UNOS agreed to send the heart.
Surgeons at Eastside
are preparing
the removal as we speak.
- Do they know
what's happening here?
- I told them we confirmed
Rosie's viable.
We were lucky they didn't find
another recipient yet.
I also said you're on your way
to Eastside to receive
the heart.
There's an ambulance waiting.
- Does the Board know
what you just did?
- I'm not involving
them right now.
Hey. sweetheart.
- Dad. what's going
on over there?
- With Nora? She's okay.
No. no. there's a guy
with a gun?
It's all over the internet.
Is it a prank?
- Um. no.
We do have an incident.
but the police are here.
Everything's under control.
- What about Mom?
'Cause she's not
answering her phone and I...
- We had to evacuate a bunch
of people from her floor.
so she's going to be swamped
for the next few hours.
But she's fine.
She's nowhere near the problem.
Just go back to your classes.
Let me deal with
what's going on here. okay?
- Okay. And tell Mom to call me
as soon as she can?
Of course. Love you. Bye.
- How am I going to avoid
the pulmonary artery?
- You used the sternal notch
as a landmark last time.
- Okay.
Syringe.
Favor the midline.
How risky is that?
- Very.
- SWAT Teams Alpha. Beta.
prepare to go on my order.
Copy. Standing by.
How's my angle?
- Too steep. You're close
to the branch artery.
- Oh. I see it.
- Too shallow.
and you'll miss the abscess.
- Got it.
Gauze.
Julie?
Julie!
Julie! Hey.
try to keep it together.
- I'm sorry. I...
I keep thinking about my...
They're-they're 12 and 14.
and my ex is...
- Okay. okay. just-just.
just try to breathe.
Okay. Pass Sonya the gauze.
I'm at the wall.
- You're in.
- What's going on?
- I'm about to drain the fluid
out of the lungs.
If it comes out as grey pus.
as I suspect.
then that means
it's a localized infection
and it can be drained.
- And she can receive the heart?
- Correct.
- And if you're wrong?
- Uh. it'll come back blood.
and you will have done
all this for nothing.
- You better hope you're right.
- Okay. Here.
- What's next?
- You let me call down
to the OR.
- What for?
- To find out
what happened to TJ.
Dr. Coleman. our friend.
the one whose parents are cops.
You remember him?
- Use that one.
- Operating Room.
This is Liz Kwon.
- Liz. it's Dr. Larsen.
What can you tell us?
Okay. Can you. can you call
the ICU when you know more?
He's losing circulation.
They don't know
if he's going to make it.
- What did you tell
Rosie's father?
- Did you not see the anomalous
pulmonary vein?
- Of course I did. It's benign.
- Unless you put
a new heart in her.
Then you're going to have
massive pulmonary hypertension.
- Never seen that complication.
- Well. maybe you should read
last month's case reports
in the Lancet.
- If you're so sure.
why didn't you tell them that?
- Because I'm not gonna take
away all their hope.
We extend her life
as long as possible.
and when the times comes.
we have the conversation.
- Well. I'll let you
be the one to take that on.
You break it. you own it.
- He isn't gonna die.
- Is the plasmapheresis working?
- Yeah. Just an hour
'til the blood's clean.
Then the transplant.
And then we're outta here.
- If they can get us the heart.
I mean. how long do you think
it's gonna be
before Eastside or UNOS
figure out that Michael lied?
- I thought you were the badass
trying to calm me down?
- No. just tired and scared.
Hoping to see my daughter again.
- Well...
That badass is still
in there somewhere.
Truth?
I kinda miss her.
- I'm Dr. Heller.
here for the heart.
- It's a pretty gnarly
situation over there.
- Uh. oh yeah.
Um. but transplant's
in a completely different wing.
- I think I better
give them a call.
- Sure. Uh. best ask
for Michael Hamda.
That's our CMO.
- She's 50 percent effaced.
five centimeters dilated.
- I thought the medication
was supposed to slow this down?
- What about the lungs?
- Whatever happens.
we'll deal with it.
But now we're in labor.
Have the neonatologist
standing by.
- Dr. Hamda. you're needed
on the phone again.
It's a nurse from Eastside.
- Now?
- I'm so sorry.
- Michael.
- Two minutes. I promise.
- Uh-huh. Right.
And you'll send me an email
to that effect?
You guys are on the same page.
We're just waiting
for the family to sign off.
- Little hiccup at Eastside.
Any word on TJ?
- It's touch and go.
- It's Katie.
Hey. sweetheart.
- Dad. I've been texting you.
I'm sorry.
Nora's in labor now.
- She's in labor?!
- It's okay. The baby's fine.
- Well. I haven't heard
from Mom.
I wanna come over there.
- No. absolutely not. We...
Sorry. um. there's just no way.
The police won't let anyone in.
- So. it's not over yet?
- It's not resolved.
but it's contained.
and no one's gonna get hurt.
Okay? Just trust me. please.
- Okay. Just have Mom call me.
And keep me updated on Nora.
Love you. Dad.
- I love you. Bye.
- I heard Rosie was back.
- Back and forth.
That's all we do.
- I was very sorry
to hear about your wife.
- COVID.
They wouldn't even let me
in the room to say goodbye.
- It was an awful time.
- Somebody told me you became
head of the department.
- Yes. I did.
- You told us to wait...
with Rosie.
You said it'd be better.
- And she's had
some good periods.
- She's deteriorating.
and now we can't even get her
in good enough health
to qualify for a transplant.
- If that's the direction
you wanna take...
- It is. It was.
'til you talked us out of it.
- I gave you the advice
that I would have wanted.
- As a mother?
- Yes.
- Well. the cardiologist
gave us his advice as a doctor.
Maybe you should've
stuck to that.
I think that's mine.
Probably one of my kids.
- Amy. Amy. don't do anything
to rile him up.
- I know you can hear
those phones.
Those must be our loved ones
trying to get a hold of us.
- You can talk to yours
when I can talk to mine.
- Look. the thing is.
Rosie's stable now.
The heart should be here
any minute.
And I get that you're never
gonna let me go.
but you don't need
all of us here.
- You think I'm a monster?
I didn't mean
to shoot your friend.
- That'll matter
when all of this is over.
- You.
Time to get outta here.
You heard me. Go.
- Julie. go.
- Go. go. go. go. go.
- Go. Julie.
- I will see you
on the other side.
- You better go
before I change my mind.
- Please. please
don't hurt them.
- You don't want 'em
to get hurt?
Tell 'em to send
Rosie's heart up here!
- We went in to say
our last goodbyes and...
I know you all were counting
on having that heart. but...
we're having second thoughts.
- We're sorry. truly.
we're just...
we're having a real
tough time with it.
- I see you're all
wearing crosses.
So. um. maybe you noticed this?
It's called a Chai.
It means life.
When I was kid preparing
for my bar mitzvah.
the... the Rabbi told me
a saying from the Talmud that.
that I never forget.
"Whoever saves one life.
it's as if they save
the entire world."
Every organ
that your son donates
will go to a different patient.
and each one. another life.
And with that.
all the generations that follow
until the end of time.
Please.
- Hey. Hey. mami.
How you doing?
Can you hear me?
What the hell's happening?
- She's tachy. hypotensive.
- What does that mean?
- Her heart's not pumping
strong enough right now.
If-if you back up.
we can work on it.
Pulmonary wedge
pressure is up to 20.
O2 sats are falling.
- Neck veins dilated.
Fluid overload.
Left side failure.
- You said she was stable.
- Something's wrong.
- It looks like
she's losing oxygen.
- All teams. hold to go.
Baby's having decels.
- What does that mean?
- The umbilical cord
is getting squeezed
by the contractions.
- He's gotta come out now.
- Okay.
- I need that heart up here.
What the hell is taking so long?
- It just arrived.
We'll let you know
when it's in the building.
- It's here.
Now what are we doing?
Do you have this under control?!
- We're doing everything we can.
- I never should've
let that nurse go.
- That has nothing to do with...
- You fix her!
- All teams go on my order.
Where's Dr. Heller?!
- Go. go. go. go!
- Dr. Singh. thank you so much
for getting back to me.
Baby's crowning.
- Heart rate's 97.
- Dr. Hamda.
Cruz is demanding
to talk to you.
- Who the hell is Cruz?
- I can't.
Just tell Jenkins
to talk to him.
- Things are going
to hell up there.
but we've got the transplant
team standing by.
Got Cruz again.
- We've got the heart.
We'll send it up
with the transplant team.
You send down the women.
- You think I'm falling
for that?
We both know you're sending
some UCs in scrubs.
Give me someone
I've seen before!
- Wants to see the heart first.
He wants it with someone
he recognizes.
- That's me. Tell him I'm going.
- Wait.
I just got off the phone
with Rosie's old cardiologist.
You need to know what he said.
- There's no way. Amy.
No way.
- You stay right there.
Open the cooler. I wanna see it.
- I. I can't open it
without corrupting the heart.
- Don't give me that!
- Alex!
It isn't gonna work.
Nothing we do now will save her.
- What are you
talking about? No!
- She has abnormal
blood vessels in her lung.
which aren't working. at all.
- That's happening because
we delayed. That's what it is!
- No. no. this is exactly
what Dr. Larsen
thought would happen
six years ago.
She saw a thickening
of the intimal lining
of Rosie's pulmonary arteries.
But the cardiologist didn't
get how dangerous it would be.
- No. she never said that!
- It's... Alex!
- She never said that!
- Alex. it's not gonna work!
It was never gonna work.
Not now. not then.
- But she...
- She lied.
For your benefit.
because she wanted you
to have some hope.
- Because I'm not going
to take away all their hope.
- Okay? She gave you
those years with your daughter
that you never would have had.
- No!
I don't care what you say.
Get the transplant team up here.
We're doing it right now!
- You break it. you own it.
- We're gonna do it right now!!
- Enough!
Enough. He has a daughter.
I have a daughter.
She-she has parents
and people who love her.
How do you think
they feel right now?
TJ's parents feel?
Is he even alive?
We don't know.
- Rosie's dying.
These are the last moments
that you are ever going
to spend with her.
How do you want to do that?
Blaming everyone around you?
Or-or holding her hand
and telling her
that you love her?
- You said you could save her.
- We tried. Alex. We tried.
- But you didn't say that then.
You didn't tell me that then!
- Because she lost her kid.
A few months before
you walked in here with Rosie.
She was suffering.
and she was doing
anything she could
to keep anyone else
from suffering the same way.
She knew you'd be furious
with her later.
but she didn't care.
She was just trying
to give you that time.
and she didn't want
death hanging over you.
- You were there?
- No. but I know her.
And I know her heart.
- Pain changes people. Alex.
I know that.
I know that this
isn't who you are.
So. please.
we can give Rosie something
to revive her
for a few minutes.
To say goodbye.
- Can you still get that
to someone else who needs it?
- We can try.
- Then go.
I swear. I won't hurt them.
Michael.
- I got your messages
this morning.
You'll see from text from me.
"I love you no matter what."
"Please don't die."
That kinda thing.
- I had a memory.
- What?
- Well. two small hits
from the same memory.
Me and Rosie's cardiologist
having an argument.
- Wow.
- This can happen
from acute trauma. right?
- Absolutely.
- Which means my brain
is back online?
- In some ways. yes.
More memories can happen now.
- I don't want to wait.
I-I want you to put me
in the tank.
- Amy.
- If I'd had my memories.
none of this would have
happened today.
- You don't know that.
- I do.
The doctor that I was
knew that Rosie wouldn't
survive a heart transplant.
but I did not see that today.
Not until it was too late.
I'm sure you think
I should go home and rest.
but home...
home is the house
where Michael lives
with his new wife and baby.
And half of me is still
trapped in that time.
And the other half wants a man
that I don't even remember.
- I get you want Jake.
and to be the doctor you were.
but you can't just decide...
- I am not deciding.
Now I know that it's possible.
I need all of it back.
Put me in the tank.
Please. Gina.
Tonight.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today